tidb: add explanation for the fields in `mysql.user` (#18318)
pingcap/docs: mysql-schema/mysql-schema.md

The `mysql` schema contains TiDB system tables. The design is similar to the `mysql` schema in MySQL, where tables such as `mysql.user` can be edited directly. It also contains a number of tables which are extensions to MySQL.

> **Note:**
>

> > In most scenarios, it is not recommended to change system tables directly by `ALTER TABLE`. Instead, the recommended way is to use [`CREATE USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-user.md)/[`ALTER USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md)/ [`DROP USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-user.md)/[`GRANT`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-grant-privileges.md)/[`REVOKE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-revoke-privileges.md) etc. If you still want to alter the system tables directly, [`FLUSH PRIVILEGES`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-flush-privileges.md) is needed to make the change take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In most scenarios, it is not recommended to change the content of system tables directly by using `INSERT`/`UPDATE`/or `DELETE`. Instead, the recommended way is to use [`CREATE USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-user.md)/[`ALTER USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-user.md)/ [`DROP USER`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-user.md)/[`GRANT`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-grant-privileges.md)/[`REVOKE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-revoke-privileges.md) etc. If you still want to alter the system tables directly, [`FLUSH PRIVILEGES`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-flush-privileges.md) is needed to make the change take effect.
```

- `ALTER TABLE` is also not recommended, but I don't think we have to list this here.
- It is also recommended to use `SHOW CREATE USER` instead of `SELECT... FROM mysql.user`. Not sure if we should list that here.
